Obviously skip this section if you don't have a pet
or you're not planning to get one,
but let's talk about pet expense tip number one.
Be ready first.
Be ready when you get a pet,
as the cost can actually be anywhere from $500 per year
to several thousands of dollars per year,
including vet visits, you know, spraying them,
dog walking, if applicable,
where to leave your pet if you go on vacation, et cetera,
and you know smaller pets are easier, usually,
on your budget as well.
Pet expense tip number two,
buy the bigger food items tip.
Obvious, but I have to reinforce it.
Buy food in bulk, even if it seems expensive
for your dog or your cat or whatever,
as the cost is obviously much, much lower.
Number three, groom your pet yourself tip.
Use YouTube and learn how to groom your pets,
as this will save you a lot of money,
and get your kids to help out too if you can.
As they, remember they begged you to buy that pet,
and you shouldn't have to do this much work,
even though they promised you
that they would do all the work.
You know what I mean.
Okay, tip number four.
Make your own toys and pet item tips.
Make your own toys for your pets.
You can use websites like Pinterest here
for fun and affordable ideas as well.
Tip number five, never buy stuff from your vet tip.
Don't buy anything from your vet, as it's expensive,
like buying shampoo is from a hair salon.
Just buy it online on Amazon or other websites,
you'll save a lot of money.